1. Revision
Explain what each of the following C programs does:
(a)	(Conditions)
1.	Scans for a number, then assigns it to the variable ‘number’
2.	Checks if the number is between 1 and 9
a.	If no – prints “Out of range”
b.	If yes - Checks if the number is not 5
i.	If yes prints “Wrong”
ii.	Anything else prints “Correct”

(b)	(Loops)
1.	Scans for a number, then assigns it to the variable ‘count’
2.	Assigns the variable ‘i’ to have a value of 0
3.	Enters a loop
a.	For as long as the value of i is less than the value of count, the value of i will be printed, then incremented by one and printed again.

The While loop could be replaced with a For loop.
Starting at the value of variable i, (0) and incrementing by 1until the value of the variable count is reached.
for(i=0; i<count; i++)
{
printf(“%d”, i);
}

(c) (Functions)
1. A function called readInt is created. This function asks for the user to input an integer, then scans it and stores it as the variable result.
2. A function called printInt is created. This function prints the value stored in the variable x.
3. In the main function there are three variables. Variables a and b take the value of that is input and read by the readInt function. Variable c is calculated by (a+b)*(a-b)
4. The printInt function is then called, which prints the value of the variable c.


2. Forward declarations
Say you have a .c file containing five functions. What forward declarations must there be if:
(a)	 None of the functions call each other.

a.	No forward declarations are needed
(b)	Each function calls the next one, in order (i.e. the 1st calls the 2nd, the 2nd calls the 3rd, etc.)

a.	The next function must be declared prior to the function that calls it
(c)	 Each function calls the previous one (i.e. the 5th calls the 4th, the 4th calls the 3rd, etc.)

a.	No forward declarations are needed
(d)	The 1st and 5th functions both call the 2nd, 3rd and 4th.

a.	The 2nd, 3rd and 4th functions must be declared before the 1st and 5th
(e)	 The 2nd, 3rd and 4th functions all call the 1st and 5th.

a.	The 1st and 5th functions must be declared prior to the 2nd, 3rd and 4th

